{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red52\green203\blue200;\red226\green222\blue208;
\red251\green2\blue7;\red35\green185\blue149;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;\cssrgb\c22353\c82745\c82353;\cssrgb\c90980\c89412\c85098;
\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c12549\c76471\c65098;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh10840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl516\sa900\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs68 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is this Privacy Policy for?
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 This privacy policy is for this website and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy. Contact the author at \cf5 vostra mail\cf2  if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data\'a0and we will gladly assist you. By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.\

\fs68 The Website
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.\

\fs68 Definitions
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 Personal Data\'a0\'96 any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.\u8232 Processing\'a0\'96 any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.\u8232 Data subject\'a0- a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.\u8232 Child -\'a0a natural person under 16 years of age.\u8232 We/us (either capitalized or not)\'a0\'96 \cf5 Giacomo Stringa\cf2 .\

\fs68 Data Protection Principles
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 We promise to follow the following data protection principles:\u8232 Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.\u8232 Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.\u8232 Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.\u8232 Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.\u8232 We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.\u8232 We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.\

\fs68 Data Subject's rights
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 The Data Subject has the following rights:\u8232 Right to information\'a0\'96 meaning you have to right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.\u8232 Right to access\'a0\'96 meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.\u8232 Right to rectification\'a0\'96 meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.\u8232 Right to erasure \'96 meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.\u8232 Right to restrict processing \'96 meaning\'a0where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.\u8232 Right to object to processing\'a0\'96 meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.\u8232 Right to object to automated Processing\'a0\'96 meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.\u8232 Right to data portability\'a0\'96 you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.\u8232 Right to lodge a complaint\'a0\'96 in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.\u8232 Right for the help of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.garanteprivacy.it/"}}{\fldrslt Italian Supervisory Authority}}({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.garanteprivacy.it/web/guest/home/footer/link"}}{\fldrslt International Authorities}})\'a0\'96 meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.\uc0\u8232 Right to withdraw consent\'a0\'96 you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.\

\fs68 How we use your Personal Data
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 We use your Personal Data in order to:\u8232 Enhance your customer experience;\u8232 We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law.\u8232 We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:\u8232 The link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing.\u8232 The further Processing would not harm your interests and there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.\u8232 We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.\u8232 Users who want the Personal Data to be removed can forward the request at vostra mail.\

\fs68 How we secure your data
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.\u8232 Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.\

\fs68 Children
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl516\sa720\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 Cookies and other technologies we use
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device when you visit a website. Cookies on this site have several different functions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl550\sa720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Performance and analytics cookies\uc0\u8232 These cookies help us understand how people use our website. They collect information such as which pages on our website visitors go to most often, which features they use, and which websites people have visited before they visit ours. We use this information to improve our website and provide a better user experience.\u8232 Examples of how we use these cookies include:\u8232 Help us understand how people use the website (Google Analytics is used as a tracking software). Google has their own\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Privacy Policy}}. If you'd like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit their\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout"}}{\fldrslt tool page}}.\uc0\u8232 Helping us improve our website by measuring any errors that occur.\u8232 Testing the website\'92s design and operability.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl550\sa900\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Managing Cookies in different web browsers\uc0\u8232 You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. Just keep in mind that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies as soon you visit the site.\u8232 Different web browsers may use different methods for managing cookies. Please follow the instructions below, from the web browser manufacturers directly, to configure your browser settings. For more information about cookies, visit\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.allaboutcookies.org/"}}{\fldrslt AllAboutCookies.org}}.\uc0\u8232 Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://optout.aboutads.info/"}}{\fldrslt AboutAds}}\'a0or\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://youronlinechoices.com/"}}{\fldrslt Your Online Choices}}.\uc0\u8232 Cookies will remain active for 365 days. Users who want the cookies to be removed can forward the request at \cf5 giacomo.stringa@outlook.com\cf2 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl516\sa900\partightenfactor0

\fs68 \cf2 Contents
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 Unless otherwise explicitly stated by \cf5 Giacomo Stringa\cf2 , you may copy the Content only for your own personal use, provided that you maintain all copyrights and other notices that are contained in the Content, but you may not otherwise download or reuse Content. This Service includes without limitation: texts, photographs, graphics, video and audio content.\uc0\u8232 By accepting our privacy & cookie policy the user agrees on the above statement. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users.\

\fs68 Changes to this Privacy Policy
\fs44 \uc0\u8232 We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.\u8232 Last modification was made on \cf5 03/06/2019\cf2 .\
}